release notes entry for 2022.09.3 (#3645)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2022-okta-identity-engine/index.md

## September

### Weekly release 2022.09.3

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Bugs fixed in 2022.09.3](#bugs-fixed-in-2022-09-3)                      | September 28, 2022            |

#### Bugs fixed in 2022.09.3

> * Existing provisioning settings for an app were reset to `None` when an app was updated using PUT (`/apps/${applicationId}`). (OKTA-520647)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Existing provisioning setting for an app was reset to `None` when an app was updated using `PUT /apps/${applicationId}`. (OKTA-520647)
```
Should we change this to singular "setting" since there's just one setting that was reset?
